Janet Yellen has made an absolutely
ridiculous claim and she thinks you are
so
stupid and she can get away with this
let's just cover this very quickly I'm
going to do my normal videos that I do I
just needed to get this quick little
piece of information out there just stay
with me I'm going to read this
information I have it up on the screen
here if you haven't seen this already
fed chair Janet Yellen said Tuesday that
banks are quote very much stronger which
is a lie and another financial crisis is
unlikely to occur anytime
soon are you kidding me this is the type
of information that they were talking
about in
1929 just prior to the Great Depression
these are the exact same type of terms
that they were using in fact I will show
you some examples let's talk about it in
just
very quickly okay so we know that in
October of 1929 we had some major drops
11% 13 and 12% all basically in a very
short time
period just prior to
that stock PR this is a Yale Economist
okay Irving
Fisher stock prices have reached what
looks like a permanently High
Plateau then just as this crash is
coming in we have some other highle
individuals saying this crash is not
going to have much effect on
business I have no fear of another
comparable Decline and all of these sort
of things they just there's a whole list
of them I'll show you in the video I'll
do basically they're
suggesting that everything is going to
be fine don't worry about it everything
just just keep pumping your money in
just keep pumping it in you may be
scared at this time you may see that
there are a lot of individuals and
investment companies taking the opposite
bet don't worry don't worry just pour
your money in it's good well that's
unfortunately what has happened in 1929
will this be the exact same situation I
don't know that I'm just saying that it
sounds a lot like what was happening
back then I don't like it when any
Central Banker is saying that we will
have a never In Our Lifetime going to
have a crash I mean that's AB absurd
that is ludicrous and that to me sounds
like an outright lie to protect
something you know put your opinion down
below this is totally opinionated here I
just want to know what you think put it
in the description and I'll see you in
the next video